














































carmel's first cousin's daughter.

what different languages can you speak?

do you like my new teapot?

where are you from?

do you have a husband and children back in libya?


how is your cold this morning?

damn, my brain is being hacked once again!
fight it! fight it!






that is a nice laptop. what sort is it?


having studied how to get machines to learn to translate languages have you any tips for how a human would learn a language really fast! I would like to 



what are you working on this morning?

Is your sister a doctor in Ireland? Is she a neurologist?

How long are you staying in Ireland?
How are you feeling today (gently)? Oh you poor baby.

how long are staying in Ireland?


I tend to x__
I tend to speak vernacular when I am anxious.


Thanks for all your help. I wouldn't have been able to come back! and I would have had to stay in Cavan for another year earning money.





Cambridge is where the scientific revolution started.

I do not care for social status. I care about the future. My parents cannot afford to pay for a masters. I would have to work for 2 years doing something I hate to get to be allowed to do one.
Cambridge funds or partially funds masters. I would be allowed to get to research what I wanted afterwards.


I know it is early but I would like to read up about it in my free time.



roman archaeology in Benghazi. Ancient roman colony.

Maraim is extremely clever and a good writer! She collaborated with an international team of scientists to invent a computer program that translates from Irish to Chinese to Basque and to English. I can barely understand her paper. But its really well written!


If when we are happy and sad it is just neuro transmitters? What is the point of life. Surely we are all slaves to our neuro transmitters? I study hard in order to get dopamine! I eat chocolate in order to get dopamine. It seems pointless and hollow.





We need someone like you in power to whip this country into shape.

I wish there was someone like you in government to fix ireland.

What is it like to work at The Insight Center for data analytics?

Do you have your own office?

Are your office mates friendly?

I am sorry for getting anxious, I get all anxious with new people. But once I become familiar with people I get relaxed and I
can make them laugh. But I tend to be subconsciously scared of new people. There is a lot of uncertainty. A lot of surprise. Are you familiar with information theory?

Is your sister a neurologist or a neuroscientist?
Does she work in Ireland?

If you could change the world, what would you do?

If you could change the world, how would you change it?

would you ever like to work in america? or canada?

what are you fighting for? What do you want out of this life?

She is in a building full of superior lads to me.

Remember, you are a maverick! You are not optimized to please the tastes of a specific girl from Benghazi, who had a specific training set of experiences.

You need to achieve success in your academics. You need to achieve success in your academics now! keep warm and drink that drink! Take your pregab.

if you could work at any area of artificial intelligence you wanted to what area would you work in?

do you think neural machine translation algorithms need a world model.

What is stopping them getting near human understanding?

how would you give them a world model?

education strangely scales! and has a big intelligence augmentation impact on the world!

you make me a little bit scared! And it is because I have a very shallow model of you. You are mysterious and unpredictable! You are like a random variable.! I find it much easier to predict Gretty and Tom and Carmel.

Information is a measure of surprise. You are very surprising. And hence you scare me.

As my neural world model of you gets denser with more data and less uncertainty. Then we will become good friends. I think we have a lot in common.

Have you ever heard of the babel fish in hitchhikers guide to the galaxy.

can you hack? are you like able to hack into my computer and look at what I look at?

You are the first girl who might understand what I stand for!

You and I have an aweful lot in common! We both want to use computers to change the world! 

She deleted all her social media. What does she fear? She has no pictures!

My subconscious is faulty and repeated erred. It is stochastic and noisy. Respect your flaws! You are a finite little human.








































alva has an older sister and brother.
she did a hibernia primary teaching course.
she admits anxiety. she pricks up her ears when I say aspergers syndrome.
her parents met doing arts in galway.
father is dean of law.
country ireland.
mothers younger sister is dying.
father from cong.
selling house.
